Add Saline specialized guide (#3549)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/large-deployments/monitoring.adoc

You need to install Prometheus and Grafana on a machine separate from the {productname} Server.
We recommend you use a managed client as your monitoring server.

> It's recommended to monitor {salt} event bus in the large scale deployments with xref:salt/salt-monitoring.adoc#saline[Saline] to identify possible bottlenecks.

Reviewer: I think we need long xrefs (with main book part such as :specialized-guides:).  I do not change it everywhere in the following description, because first we must test it (HTML/antora and PDF).

```suggestion
It is recommended to monitor the {salt} event bus in the large scale deployments with xref:specialized-guides:salt/salt-monitoring.adoc#saline[Saline] to identify possible bottlenecks.
```
